[Cho Hu Heon]
[Leader of the Daehan Joongsim Party]
[Kim Jun Man]
[Justice of the Supreme Court]
Who brought this?
That old woman...
who collects cardboard.
You've seen her before. Right?
It was mixed in with the scrap paper she got.
The fact that this was found
in the scrap pile is a secret.
Just forget it, okay?
So this is... really that dangerous?
That's kind of scary.
Maybe I should've just thrown it away.
No.
I'm just saying we need to be careful.
I'll take care of it.
Son. You're sure this is okay?
Yeah.
If a kid messes up,
the mother should be the one to answer for it.
I won't live as a disgraceful son ever again.
as a disgraceful son ever again.
[Episode 5]
Oh my.
What's this?
Do you need some help?
Oh, no.
It's okay.
Oh dear.
I don't know how to thank you.
By any chance, around here…
This bag won't open.
Let me see. I'll hold it.
This bag's really worn out.
It's falling apart.
It's about to rip.
Fine. I can still use it.
You should get yourself a new one.
I will.
- Madam Shin...
- Yeah, yeah.
You've got a customer.
- Welcome.
- Not much today.
- That's my son.
- He's handsome.
I found the ledger.
Okay!
I picked up the rest of them too.
Someone had them tied up inside Ttajyo's house.
That had to be Director Lee Chang Hyo.
Hey.
What's so special about that ledger anyway?
It's a list of draft dodgers
who were exempted using
Director Lee's false medical certificates.
Darn it. Some things never change.
Back in our day, people dodged the draft
using family connections
and landed cushy assignments.
Then...
why would they keep a ledger
of their own crimes?
Because crooks don't trust anyone.
They assume everyone's just like them.
So they're always
trying to get leverage on each other,
not realizing it's their own weakness.
Take them to the station.
I've got something else to wrap up.
What?
They treated him like a thief,
and they didn't even file a report?
[Judge Lee Han Young]
Hello, sir.
Your timing couldn't be better.
Huh?
It looks like Gangcheon Palace
never reported the theft.
After all the trouble they caused my father…
That's strange, isn't it?
It really is.
Where are you right now?
I'm at a cafe near my office.
Are you in Seoul now?
Yes.
Send me the cafe address.
I want to talk in person.
If it's near your office,
I can be there in thirty minutes.
Okay.
I'll text it to you right now.
All right.
You're him.
Judge Lee Han Young.
Who the hell are you?
This is it.
It was you.
Do you know where you run into someone
you hated in a past life?
You wouldn't know.
But I think I do.
- Catch me if you can.
- I will do it.
The one looking for the ledger
wasn't Director Lee Chang Hyo.
It was Kang Shin Jin.
Why do you look so sloppy?
Enough.
- We're sorry.
- Sorry.
We're here to turn ourselves in.
Pardon?
If he held out that long,
he knows about the ledger.
Think we can get it back?
I'm outside the scrap yard
where he took the ledger.
It looks like it's run by his family.
Then send me the address and stand by for now.
Yes, sir.
[Handeul Scrap Yard]
Okay.
Handeul Scrap Yard...
Hello? Captain Ban?
I'm sorry.
Are you hurt?
Is that why you're late?
It's nothing.
It looks pretty bad.
Are you really okay?
Just a scratch. It's nothing.
Well, that's a relief.
You said you had something to tell me.
Is this mine?
Yes, go ahead.
The ice already melted.
No way...
- Is this...
- It's a list of draft dodgers...
who got fake medical certificates
from the Hankuk hospital director.
Was I too loud?
Unbelievable.
[Kim Jun Man]
[Chief Judge]
Yeah.
What?
Who?
Okay, got it.
The scrap yard owner
is Judge Lee Han Young's mother
from the Chungnam District Court.
What?
Oh, right.
I remember Judge Lee's family
runs a scrap yard.
That's one hell of a coincidence.
Of all people, Judge Lee Han Young...
Pull back for now.
What do you think he will do with the ledger?
Once he knows who's named in it,
he won't touch it lightly.
Maybe.
Or he might be thinking something else.
But how do you think he'll react
once he realizes we're after the ledger?
Hard to say.
Since it's come to this,
why don't we find out
what kind of man he really is?
So...
this is basically insurance?
If the full list doesn't go public,
please release the photos I took.
Of course.
I would love to drop them right now.
Then how about this?
The Gangcheon Palace thieves
turned themselves in.
You didn't tell anyone else, right?
- Hello?
- Judge Lee Han Young.
I'm Kim Jin Han,
a presiding judge
at the Seoul Central District Court.
[Manwol]
I still have no connection to Kim Jin Han.
So if he came looking for me,
there's only one reason.
The draft-dodging ledger.
[Cho Man Gil, Former Chairman of the Korea
Mid-Sized Enterprises Federation]
[Lee Hyang Gyun,
Former National Police Commissioner]
[Yoon Ji Pyeong,
Former Prosecutor General]
[Jang Yong Hyun,
Chairman of S Group]
[Lee Hyun Do,
Current Mayor of Seoul]
[Yoon Sang Hoon,
Senior Secretary for Political Affairs]
[Park Yang Cheol,
Former Chief Presidential Secretary]
[Lee Joo Chan,
CEO of Daejin Daily]
[Joo Kwang Cheol,
Former Communications Commission Chair]
[Shim Yeon Pyeong,
Former NIS Director]
[Ko Kwang Seok,
Former Minister of Defense]
[Ma Choong Jin,
Former Minister of Economy and Finance]
[Woo Gyo Hoon,
Chair of the Judiciary Committee]
[Cho Hu Heon,
Ruling Party Leader]
[Lee Tae Geun,
Current Prime Minister]
The VIP is arriving.
[Park Kwang To, Former President]
Have a seat.
We will now begin
the third cabinet reshuffle
of the Republic of Korea.
As today's agenda item,
we nominate Assemblyman Woo Gyo Hoon,
Chair of the Judiciary Committee,
for Justice Minister.
So you happened to be in Seoul?
I was down in Chungnam
and watched your serial murder trial.
It was impressive.
I also saw the insurance murder case
in the news.
Have some.
I was just doing my job.
These days,
people who actually do their job are rare.
That's why you stood out to me.
What do you think of this place?
If you're going to be assigned
to the Seoul Central District Court,
you'll be coming here often.
As for your ticket to Seoul,
this should take care of it.
Sounds like...
you know what's in the bag.
It's something you don't need anymore.
For the third cabinet, we appoint...
Assemblyman Woo Gyo Hoon as Justice Minister.
This will be pushed through
as the party's official position.
His Excellency,
thank you.
Prepare well for the confirmation hearing,
and serve your country.
I will dedicate myself completely
as Justice Minister who serves this nation.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
Everyone named in the draft-dodging ledger
will become both fuel and sacrifice
to turn Kang Shin Jin
into something untouchable.
I can never let that ledger
fall into his hands.
Supreme Court Justice Kim Jun Man,
and the ruling party's floor leader,
and senior secretary...
You could form an entire cabinet
using just the names in that ledger.
Ask any one of them,
and getting a ticket to Seoul wouldn't be hard.
Traffic's about to get bad.
Won't you regret this?
Sir,
you've never really known regret, have you?
People only understand true regret
at the moment they die.
That one irreversible moment.
You sound like you've died before.
Of course not.
Whether you were at the Blue House
or here at Suojae,
do you know what's stayed the same?
That power in this country
is still in your hands, sir.
That's right.
But...
there's something else.
The people sitting in
that conference room earlier.
They talk patriotism out loud,
but inside, all they care about is themselves.
Funny how they never change.
From their kids' problems
to bribes...
to women.
This is intel on everyone
who comes in and out of Suojae.
You'll handle it.
Cover it up when issues come up.
And if someone looks like trouble,
take them out early using this.
Yes, sir.
Do you know why I trust you with this?
Because...
you have files on me too, sir.
Yeah.
I guess you see money as just a tool.
So instead of money,
I decided to keep you in the shadow of power.
That work for you?
I'll serve the country
with absolute loyalty under your shadow.
Good.
I offered him a move to Seoul,
but he turned it down.
He seemed interested in the ledger.
That complicates things.
I'll reach out to him again soon.
All right.
Senior, I look forward to working with you.
Oh, that's enough.
Chief Kang.
Okay, bye.
Good work.
By the way...
Assemblyman Woo.
Get over here.
Brother, you should call me Minister Woo.
Come on.
Hello?
Well done.
Let's get dinner sometime soon.
CEO Jang Tae Sik
will be released with no charges.
You are the best.
Good afternoon, Chief Judge.
Please take a look at this.
What is it?
My mother runs a scrap yard in Seoul.
All kinds of things come through there.
May I turn on the TV for a moment?
Go ahead.
Three suspects have turned themselves in
for stealing jewelry worth two billion won
from a residence in Samseong dong,
Gangnam, Seoul.
The victim is the home of
a well known hospital director.
The suspects include two delivery drivers
who regularly visited the apartment,
along with a three-time convicted
safecracker known as Ttajyo.
Since the victim never reported the theft,
police were unaware anything had been stolen.
After the suspects' sudden confession,
police rushed to contact the victim
to confirm the loss.
Some are now speculating
that there may have been issues
with the stolen items themselves.
I'll be heading to Chungnam tomorrow.
Make sure you bring it back.
This ledger names
Supreme Court Justice Kim Jun Man,
even the son of a senior secretary.
If this gets out,
it'll be a huge burden on a president
with less than a year left in office.
But...
Why did you bring this to me?
This is more than I can handle.
Because I believed
you'd protect it.
A poisoned chalice...
I thought he was just a little tiger.
He's trying to grab me by the throat.
Military service
is a sacred duty of every Korean man.
Social status and power
must never interfere with it.
The courts of the Republic of Korea
will deliver strict justice
to everyone involved in draft dodging,
regardless of rank or position.
The court
will not only punish
those who committed the offense,
[His Excellency Park Kwang To]
but also anyone who instigated it, aided it,
or helped cover it up.
There will be no special treatment.
No leniency.
I will now announce the names.
Cho Hu Heon,
leader of the Daehan Joongsim Party.
Supreme Court Justice Kim Jun Man.
Assemblyman Lee Young Hyun
of the New Future National Party.
Shin Tae Hyun, CEO of Youngryun Holdings.
- Chief Judge Yeon Eun Woo of the Seoul High Court.
- This is insane.
Kim Go Geum, CEO of Pyeongguk Steel.
What kind of lunatic does this?
Sir.
If you were going to announce all of it anyway,
why take out insurance?
I don't know.
I didn't expect the Chief Judge
to tell me to make the announcement myself.
Still...
you were impressive.
When I checked the list
to see who might get me a ticket to Seoul,
I found my law school classmate.
Painfully honest.
He knows my family runs a scrap yard,
so every time we met,
he worried about
cardboard prices, scrap metal prices.
He said it was a shame
I didn't have a single relative
in the judiciary,
that I'd be stuck bouncing around
district courts forever.
He actually tried to comfort me.
So I was hoping
I'd get a chance to comfort him someday.
This was perfect.
But singling out just one name
felt a little off.
So I just...
went ahead and did it.
You...
You expect me to believe that?
It's the truth.
That's a shame.
I even brought an extra gift
with your ticket to Seoul.
You should've come earlier.
Still, no regrets.
Whether it's a drama or real life,
revenge is always the most satisfying.
Calling out the names
of your old classmates from that list
must've felt incredible.
But...
You probably upset
some very powerful people this time.
Are you going to be okay?
Of course not.
That's why we set it up
so it looks like I was just following orders
from Chief Judge Baek
and reading the list.
You know, Chief Judge Baek
plans to stay here till the end.
But me? I'm just getting started.
I'm sorry.
About the list being exposed?
Or about...
the list I have
being only half of it?
Which one are you actually sorry about?
I missed a few updates.
That's on me.
I'm sorry.
You think I don't know you?
You've never done sloppy work. Not once.
So tell me.
What else are you hiding in there?
Did I misjudge you?
I'm sorry.
It won't happen again.
Let's hope the Hankuk Hospital director
knows how to keep his mouth shut.
How much do you trust him?
I'll take care of it. Cleanly.
His Excellency.
Let's have a seat.
You too.
What's the hearing schedule?
About two weeks out.
Then it'll be a war until then.
The media will dig into your everything.
Even if they hang me upside down,
time will still pass.
No matter what they throw at me,
I plan to hold out and explain everything
on the day of the hearing.
Still, you need to prepare properly.
You'll support him.
Yes, sir.
His Excellency,
the Ministry of Justice staff will be enough.
You really think you can prep for a hearing
laying everything bare
in front of people you don't even know?
Take care of what needs to be taken care of.
Cover what needs to be covered.
Yes, sir.
The hearing prep office is
in the Yeonheung Building in Jongno,
so drop by when you have time.
Still, it's a request from the President.
You should at least go through the motions.
Do people still use
things like this these days?
Looks like...
thriftiness has been ingrained
in you since childhood.
I guess so.
People don't change easily.
By the way...
Is being sharp and adaptable
something you're born with too?
You haven't even been at Suojae that long,
and you're already sitting right next to him.
I don't mean anything by it.
When someone rises too fast,
people start whispering.
Anyway...
I heard you grew up
in a hostess bar district in Cheongnyangni.
I'll be in touch soon.
All right.
If you really grew up in a place like that,
do you even know who your father is?
What else are you hiding in there?
Did I misjudge you?
I heard you grew up
in a hostess bar district in Cheongnyangni.
What is it?
Yes, sir.
It appears Judge Lee handing over the ledger
was an impulsive move.
One of the names belongs to
his law school classmate.
Looks like there was some bad blood.
You actually believe that?
He pretended to want the ledger,
then handed it straight to Baek Yi Seok.
He wanted something from Baek.
Well...
He was afraid
his own career would be blocked.
Baek Yi Seok plans to spend
the rest of his days
at the Chungnam District Court,
but Judge Lee thinks he's just getting started.
It seems...
ambition mattered more to him than loyalty.
So he used Baek Yi Seok to get his revenge?
You know his family runs a scrap yard.
That classmate mocked him
about it at every gathering,
bringing up scrap paper
and scrap metal prices just to needle him...
even taking shots at
his provincial law school background.
Still, you don't swing
a butcher's knife to kill a dog.
Either way,
if he used Baek Yi Seok to leak the ledger,
he's clearly not under Baek's shadow.
Still,
we should warn him.
Leave Lee Han Young to me.
Go pay a visit to the Hankuk Hospital director.
He's probably very nervous right now.
Yes, sir.
About the guy who took the bag...
What the hell is wrong with you?
They dodged the draft
with fake medical records.
They deserve to be punished.
Do I need another reason?
Do you have any idea
what the Chief Judge just did?
He slapped down
a whole lineup of powerful people.
That move just cost him a shot
at the Supreme Court.
I already told my wife we were moving to Seoul
and to list the house.
So you're mad you're not going to Seoul now?
Yeah, darn it.
If the Chief Judge had been promoted,
I would've gone with him.
Now what am I supposed to do?
Call your wife first.
What if the house actually sells?
Oh, right.
It can't sell.
Thanks.
[My Darling]
Hey, can you do me a favor?
I'm shaking. I can't do it.
- Do what?
- Call my wife.
Good luck.
You don't have an ounce of loyalty in you.
You're paying.
Can't you at least text her for me?
That'll just make her even angrier.
Yeah, you're right.
Baek lost his shot at the Supreme Court
by detonating the draft-dodging bomb.
But...
the fallout from the draft scandal
will end up pulling him to Seoul.
Sir, are you okay?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
That one.
That was it.
We should get out of the way.
That bastard...
He's definitely holding a grudge
over his trial.
Please!
This is...
a warning for exposing
the draft-dodging ledger.
I made sure he got the message.
Good work.
There'll be new work for you soon.
Stand by.
Baek Yi Seok exposed the ledger
knowing it would cost him a Justice seat.
Was that his conviction?
Or was it Lee Han Young's move?
Hey.
Maybe the world isn't all bad after all.
I got a few stitches in my forehead,
and my wife didn't say a word.
About not going to Seoul, I mean.
She even canceled the house listing herself.
That's a relief.
Yeah. It really is.
But about that motorcycle...
It looked familiar.
Really?
Yeah.
I think...
it might've been one of the guys I sentenced.
He's definitely someone
with a grudge over a trial.
Hey, that hurts.
You know, being a judge means
your life's never more important than justice.
Like yesterday?
You literally put your life on the line.
This is Kang Shin Jin,
at the Seoul Central District Court.
Kang Shin Jin reached out himself.
He wants to know what kind of man I am.
[I Wanted to Meet You]
We often say
[Today's Featured Guest]
some people can live without the law.
But today's guest
is someone who cannot live without it.
Please welcome Chief Justice Kang Shin Jin.
Nice to meet you, sir.
Please, have a seat.
In a past life, you had me killed
without ever speaking to me.
And in this one,
you want to share a table the moment we meet?
Fine.
If it means I can catch you,
I'd gladly do it.
You went through
something rough yesterday, right?
Are you okay?
The nerve to not even hide
that the attack was on your orders...
Kang Shin Jin.
Someday, that arrogance of yours
is going to swallow you whole.
If this was about the ledger,
then I apologize.
You should've used it more strategically,
but I let my temper get the better of me.
It was something
I was going to do eventually anyway.
Starting with Justice Kim Jun Man,
all those so-called elites
who act noble and superior...
you know what they're really like
behind closed doors.
You did well.
But...
I hope this served as a lesson for you.
I felt it in my body.
I'll carve it into my mind.
And please, drop the formalities.
Shall I?
Seeing a table full of food like this
always puts me in a good mood.
When I was a kid,
my only wish was to eat my fill just once.
Let's eat.
[Park Kyung Rim / Host]
When I see you,
[Kang Shin Jin / Chief Justice]
there's a certain air of refinement about you.
You give off the image of someone
[Classic elite track from an early age]
who grew up comfortably.
- Me?
- Yes.
Judging by your expression...
is that not the case?
There's a song like that, you know.
"Growing up,"
[Softly sings a line]
"my family was poor,"
"and we never really ate out
like other people did."
"And my mother used to say..."
"Jajang..."
"My mother used to say
she didn't like jajangmyeon," right?
Well...
Do you have a personal story
connected to your mother?
No.
But whenever I hear that song,
I find myself wishing
that I had a mother like that too.
Sorry?
Then...
Yeah, I grew up an orphan.
From childhood to this day,
I've never once seen my parents' faces.
Even so,
haven't I turned out all right?
"All right" doesn't even begin to cover it.
Everyone, let's give him
another round of applause.
That's it.
I was the son of a displaced family.
Jajangmyeon was something
we only had on special occasions.
Every time we walked past the stationery shop,
my friends would look at
those 500-won toys in the window
and brag about who'd buy one.
Every time, I couldn't say a word.
Why not?
It was all just talk anyway.
For them,
there was always...
their father's payday.
I see.
Did Chief Judge Baek accept
the ledger without a fight?
He was always going to finish
his career in Chungnam.
Last I heard, he was a Justice nominee.
Chief Judge Baek values his reputation.
Turning down the ledger I gave him
would've meant betraying
his own sense of honor.
What kind of man do you think I am?
Someone who can lead me.
How can you be so sure?
We just met today.
I remember you coming to court.
You noticed, even then?
I'll make myself
indispensable to you.
Assemblyman Woo Gyo Hoon's confirmation hearing
for Justice Minister is in two weeks.
Can you bring him down before then?
Woo Gyo Hoon will serve
as the last Justice Minister
of this administration,
finishing his term along with the government.
Leave it to me.
Aren't you curious why?
Do I need to know?
Interesting.
Hello?
An arrest warrant for Jang Tae Sik?
I thought we wrapped that up!
There'll be a detention hearing.
He should be released then.
With the draft-dodging scandal
blowing up right now,
won't this all get tied together?
With the whole country in an uproar,
this side will stay quiet.
If it's a powerful figure or a chaebol
going into a detention hearing?
You're under arrest
on charges of offshore tax evasion.
Jang Tae Sik.
Then the person Kang Shin Jin was talking to
must be Chairman Jang Yong Hyun of S Group.
Kang Shin Jin was tied to Jang Yong Hyun
even before Jang Tae Sik.
For now,
I do trust you.
But if anything happens,
I'll come to Suojae myself.
There are people who scoff at the idea
of equality before the law.
Their time will come.
When that time comes, we'll have to remind them
just how obvious and terrifying that really is.
That's what the law is,
after all.
[Hankuk Hospital]
Director.
Your summons from the prosecution
is tomorrow, right?
Yes.
If you can hold on for about six months,
you should be able to get
your medical license back.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
- Please, have a seat.
[Defendant's table]
Defendant.
You were arrested
on charges of offshore tax evasion.
Defendant?
You have to answer that yourself, sir.
Darn it.
Defendant.
Do you admit to the charge
of offshore tax evasion?
No.
That's bullshit.
What?
Did she just swear at me?
Yes, I heard it clearly.
Defendant.
Order in the court.
You're currently
the CEO of S Shopping, correct?
Yes.
17 department stores
and 120 marts...
How many, exactly?
127 marts.
Yeah, 127 marts.
Your Honor, you should come visit
our department stores.
I'll treat you like a VIP.
Sir.
What now?
The offshore tax evasion case isn't over yet.
Don't go far.
If you're summoned,
report straight to the prosecutors.
Didn't you hear me earlier?
I own 17 department stores and 127 marts.
You think I'd walk away from all that and run?
But you...
you swore at me earlier, didn't you?
Me?
- When?
- "When?"
You did.
You need to leave. The press is coming.
Let them come.
How does a prosecutor swear in court?
What's the status of the tax evasion charges?
Sir!
Ridiculous.
That crazy prosecutor had me eating at dawn.
Geez.
So how much does a prosecutor like that cost?
I'm starving.
- I'll have the same.
- Yes, sir.
Didn't you even get breakfast?
Dad,
what was that explanation you
sent to the prosecutors?
You were sloppy, so I had your staff handle it.
It's been handled cleanly.
You won't be called in over that case again.
I see.
This is Kim Pyeong Guk,
head of General Affairs.
Him?
Yeah.
You're done eating, right?
Hey.
Stand up straight.
Who signs your paycheck?
Do you really work for S Group?
Then why are you doing
someone else's job on my dime?
Sir...
I...
- I was told to...
- Shut up.
Dad, you hire this guy.
You said he gets things done clean.
I don't pay people to work for someone else.
Sir...
I did it to help you.
I swear, nothing else.
Hey, listen to me.
Then why am I the only one
who didn't know?
Sir...
- Hey, Byun!
- Yes.
Get rid of this guy. Now.
- Let's get out.
- Sir!
Dad.
Just give me a little more time.
This is where it really begins.
[S Group Expands Retail Operations Nationwide]
[S Group Accelerates ESG Growth]
[S Construction Under Investigation
for Bid-Rigging Favors]
[CEO Jang Tae Sik,
Korean-Style Smart City...]
[VIP Patient Report]
Lee Chang Hyo?
What is this?
[Suicide Note]
[Written by Lee Chang Hyo]
Hey, Han Young.
Lee Chang Hyo is gone.
I'm too late.
Lee Chang Hyo,
director of Hankuk Hospital,
accused of issuing false medical records
to draft dodgers,
has died after jumping from a building.
Under pressure ahead of a prosecutor summons,
he's believed to have taken his own life.
Prosecutors say
a seized USB contained the same material
as the draft-dodging ledger.
Investigators suspected
a third party shared the information
and planned to widen the probe,
but his death has halted the investigation.
Kang Shin Jin cut him loose.
Because Director Lee Chang Hyo knew too much.
I can't ask a prosecutor
to dig into a Justice Minister nominee.
What do I do?
Hey, wait.
Where you going?
You're the one who takes expired stuff, right?
Not...
every day.
Come every day.
Guess I was wrong.
Here you are.
Hey.
Yes?
Can you run background checks?
On who?
Woo Gyo Hoon. A lawmaker.
Think you can do it?
What? Woo...
[Woo Gyo Hoon Named Justice Minister Nominee]
Yeah...
Sure, I can handle it. You know me.
I'll look into it and call you.
Darn it.
Baby,
shouldn't you leave the country?
Before they freeze your passport or something.
Oh, my baby. Relax.
My dad is a Supreme Court Justice.
If everyone on that list got arrested,
would this still be Republic of Korea?
Yeah.
If you've got money and connections,
Korea is paradise.
Here, money and power are God.
My dear God.
Who the hell are you?
I'm Park Cheol Woo, a Korean prosecutor.
Mr. Kim Jung Gyun,
you're under arrest
for violating the Military Service Act.
You have the right to an attorney
and the right to remain silent.
You understand?
This is humiliating.
Hey, do you idiots know who my dad is?
He's a Supreme Court Justice!
What unit are you with? Where are you from?
Just wait.
Baby...
Wait.
- Hey, look at this.
- Why?
Look at this.
[Justice Kim Jun Man Arrested
Over Son's Illegal Draft Evasion]
Dad?
Still wondering who I work for?
Unbelievable.
I've never been this humiliated.
[Eom Jun Ho, Prosecutor General]
As for Baek Yi Seok...
If he went all the way to Chungnam,
he should've kept his head down
and enjoyed his post-retirement perks.
Instead, he puts some rookie out front.
Don't you think?
Your son's case will be handled separately.
You're two classes junior to me,
aren't you?
Once we're out of uniform,
we're all just ex-officials.
You serve the country while you're in office,
that's when you cash in.
So...
take care of your seniors and juniors
while you're still holding the knife.
Cross the legal world,
and your old title won't save you.
Do you...
understand me?
Soon enough,
the Presidential Economic Secretary
will be coming in on draft-dodging charges too.
Please kindly cooperate with the investigation.
Escort him properly.
Run a thorough investigation.
Yes, sir.
Senior...
Military service
comes before any public office.
It's a sacred duty of every citizen.
Hey!
[Eom Jun Ho, Prosecutor General]
That bastard Baek Yi Seok
is here too?
Darn it.
[Jang Jun Seo, Presidential Economic Secretary]
Even the Presidential Economic Secretary...
held out to the end.
The draft-dodging trials moved
[Cho Hu Heon, Daehan Joongsim Party]
at an unprecedented pace.
The Chief Justice resigned.
As the scandal erupted,
[Kim Jung Gyun, Kim Jun Man's son]
the presidential office decided
it had lost the public's trust
and dealt the judiciary a crushing blow.
Breaking news.
The Blue House has named Jeon Heung Woo,
Chief Judge of the Jeju District Court,
as its nominee for the next Chief Justice.
- The nominee has drawn attention...
- First.
I will firmly establish
integrity and fairness
as the core values of the judiciary.
A judge's integrity
is the public's trust in the courts.
Not a single ruling,
not a single line of record
will be tainted by bias or self-interest.
Second.
The public...
Jeon Heung Woo,
who came from a regional university
and never walked the elite path,
began a ruthless purge and shake-up
the moment he became Chief Justice,
all in the name of reform.
And...
just as I expected,
his attention turned to Baek Yi Seok.
How are you feeling?
All healed up?
Yes. I'm fine.
That's good to hear.
Chief Justice Jeon Heung Woo called me himself.
He wants me at the
Seoul Central District Court.
Congratulations.
I turned it down.
Why?
You know...
He offered two more tickets to Seoul.
And?
You...
and Judge Lee Han Young.
You're both coming with me.
Sir.
Yes?
Baek Yi Seok is coming.
Then Im Jeong Sik will be tagging along too.
Lee Han Young as well.
Is that so?
That means Lee Han Young played
that ledger perfectly.
If Baek Yi Seok is bringing him along,
maybe the draft-dodging case
made him trust Lee even more.
Seems that way.
What did you think of...
Judge Lee Han Young?
What kind of man do you think I am?
Someone who can lead me.
Interesting guy.
Sharp as he is ambitious.
Whatever Baek Yi Seok thinks of him,
Lee Han Young won't be on his side.
With respect,
isn't that a bit premature?
That was out of line.
I'll keep an eye on him for now.
Don't worry.
Still, I'm curious.
Now that the price is off the table,
will he finish the task I gave him,
or just walk away?
The task?
I told him to take care of Woo Gyo Hoon.
If I leave him alone,
he'll stab me in the back later.
We can't trust Lee Han Young yet.
I think the Woo Gyo Hoon matter should be...
That's out of line too.
I said I'm watching him.
Dig deeper into Lee Han Young.
His family background.
Whether he ever lived in a redevelopment zone.
And...
bring the junior
we planted in Chungnam to Seoul.
Have him keep tabs on Baek Yi Seok.
And watch Lee Han Young too.
Understood.
After the administration changed
and Prosecutor General Eom Jun Ho stepped down,
his son returned from overseas
and was arrested on drug charges.
Among those arrested with him
was Woo Gyo Hoon's daughter,
- Woo Hee Young.
- Do you admit the charges?
Why is Kang Shin Jin going after Woo Gyo Hoon?
Does Woo Gyo Hoon have leverage on him?
Now it really begins.
Let's start with Haenal Law Firm.
[Haenal Law Firm]
In my past life,
I wore Haenal's leash and lived like a slave.
That was my choice.
And it ended in an unjust death.
CEO Yoo Seon Cheol.
In this life too,
you chose me.
But this time, your fate
is mine
to decide.
The Prosecutor General's son
was doing drugs in the U.S.
- So?
- His daughter was too.
Looks like Woo was mixed up with
the Nammyeon District Mayor.
Seems like he took lots of money.
He used to be a gangster.
Take the Nammyeon-gu sinkhole case.
The sinkhole was caused by
shoddy water and sewer work.
Start with the guy
who died in the sinkhole. Now.
Good riddance, right?
As the investigation stalled,
the victims held
the Nammyeon District Office responsible.
He's the type who knows exactly
how to use people and how it'll play out.
We need to take action.
Kang Shin Jin, the place you belong
is a courtroom.